Software License Agreement
Version 1.0


The latest version of the software license agreement can be fiew at: http://www.neuralium.com/legal/sla.
In case of discrepancy between this version and the online version of the software license agreement, the online version will be considered the valid one.

1. Information published by the Company

The company, Neuralium Inc. (hereinafter, referred to as the "Company") provides information and material of a general nature. You are not authorized and nor should you rely on the Company for legal advice, business advice, or advice of any kind. You act at your own risk in reliance on the contents of the Company Product Offering. Should you make a decision to act or not act you should contact a licensed attorney in the relevant jurisdiction in which you want or need help. In no way are the owners of, or contributors to, the Company, responsible for the actions, decisions, or other behavior taken or not taken by you in reliance upon the Company.

2. Translations

The Company Product Offering may contain translations of the English version of the content. These translations are provided only as a convenience. In the event of any conflict between the English language version and the translated version, the English language version shall take precedence.

3. Risks related to the use of Company Product Offering

The Company will not be responsible for any losses, damages or claims arising from any event including events falling within the scope of the following five categories:

(1) Mistakes made by the user of any Company related software or service, e.g., forgotten passwords, payments sent to wrong addresses, and accidental deletion of wallets.

(2) Software or service problems of the Company, e.g., corrupted wallet file, incorrectly constructed transactions, unsafe cryptographic libraries, malware affecting the Company.

(3) Technical failures in the hardware of the user of any Company related software or service, e.g., data loss due to a faulty or damaged storage device.

(4) Security problems experienced by the user of any Company related software or service, e.g., unauthorized access to users' wallets and/or accounts.

(5) Actions or inactions of third parties and/or events experienced by third parties, e.g., bankruptcy of service providers, information security attacks on service providers, and fraud conducted by third parties.

4. Investment risks

Through acceptance of these terms the user acknowledges that the Company does not issue securities and/or currency and that the Company Product Offering has no intrinsic monetary value. 
 
The user also acknowledges that the Company Product Offering is merely a toy intended for entertainment purposes only and not to be considered or used as anything else. 
The Company is not responsible for any gains or losses incurred from use of its products and/or services. Nor for determining or ensuring compliance with any potential tax obligation by the user.

5. Usage and retention of personal data

The use of certain functions of the system may require users to send the company certain potentially identifying pieces of information such as but not necessarily limited to account numbers and IP. The company will do it’s best to secure this information, but it is provided “as is” by the product users and with full knowledge and understanding of the potential risks in order to supplement their experience of the system. The product user agrees that the company is not responsible for this data and that the company not to be held responsible in any way in the advent of data loss or if any other security breach should occur.

Establishing trust with our userbase is of the utmost importance and we believe that retaining certain data points will provide for a safer platform and better fraud detection and prevention. Personal data provided to Neuralium however, will never be shared with third parties.

6. Your warranties and representations

By entering these Terms and Conditions you warrant and represent that: a) You have full capacity to contract under applicable law; b) You will only be transacting via the Software with legally-obtained funds that belong to you; c) You will not be furthering, performing, undertaking, engaging in, aiding, or abetting any unlawful activity through your relationship with us or through your use of the Software; d) You will not use the Software for illegal purposes, including money laundering of criminal proceeds, transfer or receipt of payment for planning, preparation or commitment of crime, for financing the terrorism and illegal trade; e) You will not use the Software for any purpose prohibited by these Terms or in any manner that could damage, disable, overburden, or impair the Company; f) You will be complying with and obeying all applicable laws, including but not limited to securities and capital market legislation, anti-money laundering and counterfeiting terrorism, consumer protection laws, financial promotion.

7. No warranties

The Company Product Offering is on an "as is" basis without any warranties of any kind regarding any content, data, materials and/or services provided of any kind.

8. Limitation of liability

Unless otherwise required by law, in no event shall the owners of, or contributors to, the Company be liable for any damages of any kind, including, but not limited to, loss of use, loss of profits, or loss of data arising out of or in any way connected with the use of the Company Product Offering.

9. Arbitration

The user of the Company Product Offering agrees to arbitrate any dispute, except for disputes related to copyrights, logos, trademarks, trade names, trade secrets or patents.

10. Terms of Use

The Terms of Use are subject to change without any prior notice at the sole discretion of the Company.

Last amendment

This disclaimer was amended for the last time on September 3rd, 2019.
